README.md, before:

# TawkToJiraSync
Azure Function that will create a ticket in Jira when a ticket is created 
in Tawk.to

This needs to be registered as a Webhook in your Tawk.to configuration, so
that it gets notified when a ticket is created there. It then uses the JIRA
REST API to create a matching ticket in JIRA. Finally, it sends an email
back to Tawk.to, to update the ticket there with details of the JIRA
version.

This should probably work for an on-premise JIRA instance too, but is more
typically for JIRA Cloud use.

## Getting started
If you are new to deploying Python-based Functions on Azure, you may well
find the tutorial at
https://www.scalyr.com/blog/azure-functions-in-python-a-simple-introduction/
helpful!

Generally, you need Visual Studio Code installed, with the Azure Functions 
add-in installed+enabled, and the Azure Functions SDK installed.

See also
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-reference-python

## Secrets, Keys etc
Before you can install + configure this function, you need to get a load of
secrets and keys to hand.

### Tawk.To
You need your Tawk.To ticket creation/update email address, so that the
Tawk.To ticket can be updated with the JIRA ticket reference. This is the
same email you send to in order to create new tickets

### JIRA
You need:
 * An API key - see https://id.atlassian.com/manage/api-tokens
 * Your username
 * The short code of roject you want to create tickets in
 * Your base URL

### SendGrid
Sending emails directly isn't allowed from Azure Functions. So, you need to
sign up for an account with SendGrid (eg via Azure), then create an API
key

You should also disable the various tracking features, so that the JIRA URL
doesn't get changed when sending back to Tawk.To

## Local Configuration
Copy local.settings.json.example to local.settings.json, then populate 
the values with the secrets above

## Remote Configuration
Once you have deployed the code to Azure, go to the Function in Azure, 
go to Configuration, then Application Settings. For each key/value pair
i the local settings file, define an Application Setting. Don't forget to
save once they are all defined!

## Tawk.To Configuration
In Azure, go to Function then the Method, then copy the Function URL.

In Tawk, setup a new Webhook for Ticket Creation, and paste in the
Function URL. Make sure to specify the full URL including the code
parameter.

## Based on
https://developer.tawk.to/webhooks/
https://blog.developer.atlassian.com/creating-a-jira-cloud-issue-in-a-single-rest-call/

## TODO
* Support getting a Webhook call from JIRA to update Tawk.to

Commit message:

Add some general stuff to the start of the README on how it works and what you need

README.md, after:

# TawkToJiraSync
Azure Function that will create a ticket in JIRA when a ticket is created 
in Tawk.to, and attach that JIRA reference to the Tawk.to ticket.

Optionally, it can also update the Tawk.to ticket when the JIRA ticket is
updated or commented on.

It runs as an Azure Function, a serverless environment from Microsoft Azure.
You don't need to write any code, only create accounts and configure things.

However, some experience with Azure / serverless python / JIRA will certainly
help you with setting things up to run on Azure!

## How it works
This needs to be registered as a Webhook in your Tawk.to configuration, so
that it gets notified when a ticket is created there. It then uses the JIRA
REST API to create a matching ticket in JIRA. Finally, it sends an email
back to Tawk.to, to update the ticket there with details of the JIRA
version. 

If you want, it can also be regsitered as a JIRA webhook, and then emails 
Tawk.to to update the ticket there when JIRA is updated.

This should probably work for an on-premise JIRA instance too, but is more
typically for JIRA Cloud use.

The code for this runs on Azure Functions, a serverless code hosting 
environment on Microsoft Azure. You will need to have an Azure account,
though a free 1 year trial ought to be more than enough!

## Getting started
If you are new to deploying Python-based Functions on Azure, you may well
find the tutorial at
https://www.scalyr.com/blog/azure-functions-in-python-a-simple-introduction/
helpful!

Generally, you need Visual Studio Code installed, with the Azure Functions 
add-in installed+enabled, and the Azure Functions SDK installed.

See also
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-reference-python

## Secrets, Keys etc
Before you can install + configure this function, you need to get a load of
secrets and keys to hand.

### Tawk.To
You need your Tawk.To ticket creation/update email address, so that the
Tawk.To ticket can be updated with the JIRA ticket reference. This is the
same email you send to in order to create new tickets

### JIRA
You need:
 * An API key - see https://id.atlassian.com/manage/api-tokens
 * Your username
 * The short code of roject you want to create tickets in
 * Your base URL

### SendGrid
Sending emails directly isn't allowed from Azure Functions. So, you need to
sign up for an account with SendGrid (eg via Azure), then create an API
key

You should also disable the various tracking features, so that the JIRA URL
doesn't get changed when sending back to Tawk.To

## Local Configuration
Copy local.settings.json.example to local.settings.json, then populate 
the values with the secrets above

## Remote Configuration
Once you have deployed the code to Azure, go to the Function in Azure, 
go to Configuration, then Application Settings. For each key/value pair
i the local settings file, define an Application Setting. Don't forget to
save once they are all defined!

## Tawk.To Configuration
In Azure, go to Function then the Method, then copy the Function URL.

In Tawk, setup a new Webhook for Ticket Creation, and paste in the
Function URL. Make sure to specify the full URL including the code
parameter.

## Based on
https://developer.tawk.to/webhooks/
https://blog.developer.atlassian.com/creating-a-jira-cloud-issue-in-a-single-rest-call/

## TODO
* Support getting a Webhook call from JIRA to update Tawk.to
